I'm going to spend the next
seven days
buried alive under 20,000 pounds of dirt.
This is the scariest thing
I have ever done.
All right, well, I guess
it's time, bury me alive.
That was scary.
This is going to be terrifying.
This is pretty much most people's
worst fear.
Oh, my God. That dirt is terrifying.
Brace yourself. Ha ha ha.
Drop the payload.
Oh, God.
I feel like
I need to hold the roof.
My roof is shaking.
I'm entrusting my life to this
coffin for the next seven days.
Let's pray it doesn't
just randomly decide to break.
And obviously,
this goes without saying.
But yes, this is 100% real.
And I'll be honest,
I severely underestimated
how hard this was going to be.
And with that, the challenge
has officially started.
I am now trapped in here
for the next seven days.
It took the boys so long to bury me
alive that I already have to pee.
And the challenge just started.
In case you're wondering
how I use the bathroom down here.
Well, yeah.
This is so uncomfortable.
All I have to survive
the next seven days...
My foot!
is the food in this briefcase,
which is basically
just some MREs and snacks.
My foot went numb.
Five gallon
drum of water over there.
And whatever essentials
the boys put in this briefcase,
which probably means I'm
going to run out of food way
before the seven day
mark.
In all seriousness.
This is extremely dangerous.
And so I don't suffocate.
I need to make sure
people are watching me at all times.
Jimmy, can you hear this?
Yeah, it sounds like Nolan's
mom is jumping on the surface.
If we had 12 people,
maybe it would be that.
It's almost 1 a.m.
I have a feeling a lot of you
are going to start going to bed.
I need someone to be near
a walkie at all times.
So if I need something,
I actually need one of you to answer, okay?
And now that I have
nothing better to do
I'm going to head to bed,
and I'm either going to wake up
well rested
or crushed by 20,000 pounds of dirt.
Hopefully I wake up well-rested.
Sleep is going to be key
to finishing this challenge,
because when I'm asleep,
I'm not thinking about the fact
that I'm trapped in this box.
But that
only works most of the time.
Is there a fly in here?
The goal is to sleep as much
through this challenge as possible.
For my own sanity.
Oh, look at him.
He looks so cozy.
Jimmy Jam!
No.
Nolan drew all over your face.
Nolan, how many hours
till your mom comes to set?
No, I know you're going to say something.
Hopefully she doesn't
actually crush the coffin.
Show him.
My strategy during this video
was to sleep the entire time.
I completely forgot, though.
My friends are going to annoy me
and not let me sleep.
This is going to be miserable.
I want to start today off by turning
these long pants into shorts.
I just punched that box.
Mission one complete.
Your boy has shorts.
This is our food briefcase.
Let's give this MRE a try.
MRE stands for "Meal
Ready to Eat".
All you have to do is add hot water,
and it chemically cooks the food.
The boys, on the other hand,
we're grilling up
steaks and literally
feasting on top of my grave.
You know, Jimmy, just for you,
we're going to eat MREs
for the rest of the time we're out here.
- Really?
- Yeah.
No.
I literally heard Tareq
in the background saying no.
Enjoy your hot water pasta in a bag.
Meanwhile, this is my reality.
Oh, it's crunchy.
Why is pasta crunchy?
This is...
This is great.
I was so bored, I actually ended up
punching my coffin for fun
until my knuckles started to hurt.
So I put a sock on my hand
so I could keep punching the wall.
I'm desperate for entertainment.
Oh, Jimmy.
Thank God I'm so bored.
One second.
What did you do?
Yo, that actually scared me.
Can you at least semi
explain to me what you're doing?
Seeing how my life is on the line?
All right.
Unfortunately, the boys are
incapable of explaining anything.
What they've done
is they've stuck a pipe
all the way down to my grave,
vacuumed the dirt out of it,
just to take this surgical wire camera
and feed it
down and look at me suffer.
Yeah, that's what happens.
That's what happens.
It's time to go in.
This is so surgical.
What is that?
Oh, that fly on my leg freaked me out.
Get away from me.
You want to hold this steady?
Just keep looking.
- Move your...
- We see him.
Having fun?
Good night, Jimmy.
And when day two
was coming to a close,
the boys left me to go
spend time by their RV.
And being the under stimulated man.
I was.
I thought it'd be a good time
to crack into their essentials briefcase,
and see what was inside.
Wait, he's opening the card.
Is this Nolan's mom?
I found a photo of your mom.
Bro...
- Did you do that?
- No, that was not me.
Nolan, is this your mom?
Oh, my God. She's on his chest.
Oh, my God.
Besides, somehow
losing this picture, if I had to
guess what I think
would make me quit this challenge,
it would be not wanting to poop
underground.
Back pain, back pain, back pain.
And maybe some back pain.
And obviously, you can tell
this is already
getting pretty hard for me.
But like usual, you better bet
it's going to get a whole lot worse.
It's raining really heavy right now.
I just woke up to the sound
of thunder. Nolan, wake up.
We got to check on Jimmy,
make sure he's, like, not crushed.
I'm actually kind of concerned.
This looks way more funeral-esque.
You think that dirt's heavier now?
Dirt plus rain is heavy.
Jimmy
I think I have an idea
of how to wake him up.
Is someone drilling?
It's one of those days.
I don't even have
my pants on yet.
And things are already getting
crazy.
Jimmy, can you hear us?
What are you doing up there?
There are currently 15
speakers on top of your grave.
So if I had to guess,
Kris is about to play stupid music.
Jimmy, it's a party up here.
Oh, my...
Whoa!
Yo, my coffin's actually shaking.
Jimmy, there's an earthquake, oh my God.
Wait, what is that?
I just noticed there's
an unscrewed bolt
on the side of my coffin.
His screw's came loose in the coffin.
From the base?
- Are you kidding?
- Literally from the base.
Should I be concerned
this wasn't screwed all the way in.
Max it out.
What the
heck are you doing right now?
I'm vibrating.
These vibrations
are kind of hurting my head.
Why is there flowers in my hair?
I'm freaking out.
Okay, let's go dig a tunnel.
We're going to start the tunnel
right here
and dig all the way into Jimmy's
coffin.
We have the speakers blaring noise
so that he doesn't hear us digging.
I've got an idea.
We'll play construction
noises over the speakers.
So that way
he doesn't hear the excavator.
There's a loud noise, and no one's
answering over the walkie.
So either I'm about to die.
It's like playing a video game.
Or they're about to do something dumb.
Except for you could accidentally
kill somebody.
I've officially crossed the 50 hour
mark.
I have now been buried longer than
I was last time I did this challenge.
I promised my doctor
that I would move every day
so I don't get blood clots
cause apparently lay down
for seven days straight can kill you.
I'm digging a hole.
We got to loosen up the dirt for Kris.
I asked the boys to pack dumbbells
and they gave me 3 pound dumbbells.
I smell so bad.
Yeah, I'm going to do
my best not to think about the fact
that I could die
when I stand up and a couple of days.
Kris, go a few feet deeper.
I'm not certified to do this at all.
I am bored in a coffin.
We definitely stayed up all night
and dug this tunnel
and didn't pay that guy to do it.
Is this safe?
- I'm going second.
- What's that?
And then you bring up the rear Tareq.
What is that?
You guys come right behind me.
One of the weird parts
about this challenge
is there's so many cameras
always reporting at all times.
We should dig a couple more inches
and then we're to the coffin.
It didn't really bother me
the first few days,
but I just have this weird feeling
someone's always staring at me
and it's starting to, like, kind of...
irritate me.
Oh, there he is, there he is.
- We almost got him.
- What is that sound I hear?
Hi, Jimmy.
What?
- Hi Jimmy!
- Jimmy!
Hey, Jimmy,
do you see us?
I see Nolan's forehead.
Yeah, it's hard to miss.
How long did it take to dig
that tunnel?
Literally all night, Jimmy.
This is not what I
was expecting to happen today.
Hey Nolan one second.
What do you think of that photo?
What do I have to do to get
rid of that picture of my mom?
This is the only thing
keeping me sane.
- How do I get it back?
- I'm framing this and keeping it forever.
I'm sorry.
You've been in this coffin for so long
that you forgot about
what happened to the channel.
- Yeah!
We're almost at 200 million.
You're going to hit 200 million
subscribers in that coffin.
Wish I could see it live.
Me too my friend.
Nolan has a surprise
for you as well.
We're going to tape this Feastables
bar to Jimmy.
Oh, my God, it's hot down here.
Is that the new Feastables bar?
Hey, this is actually pretty good
marketing by my friends
now in every time-lapse,
Feastables will be there.
I hope tomorrow's easier.
It's a weird feeling, I am very tired,
but for some reason I can't sleep.
I don't know.
I've never had this happen before.
Why am I crying?
I don't know.
Okay.
It's officially day five.
Only two more days
in this nightmare.
I don't think humans are meant
to lay down for five days straight.
I'll try to act like
I'm not depressed.
Almost there!
Jimmy, we got paintball guns, and
we're going to shoot your tombstone.
That sounds fun.
Can I join?
I don't even know what to say
to them.
Jimmy, what have you been doing for fun?
Nothing.
I'm in mental agony.
Have you pooped yet?
I have to poop really badly,
but I'm going to see
if I can hold it in
for the next two days.
I don't know why, but I have, like,
no motivation to do anything.
I've been laying here for five days
and I don't even have enough energy
to prepare a meal
because going to the bathroom down
here is so difficult.
Don't ask me how, but I accidentally
got some pee on my shorts.
I'm cutting off the part
of my shorts that are infected.
Sorry for how short they are now.
That was disgusting.
Jimmy, we're here to celebrate.
We're almost at 200 million subs.
Well, what's the estimate of
when we hit it? How long?
I'm not a rocket scientist.
What does he want from us?
I've been feeling pretty terrible
all day
for the fact that we're about to hit
200 million subscribers.
Actually makes me kind of happy.
You know, since we're about to hit
200 million subscribers,
this would be a super convenient
time to talk
about Verizon home Internet.
That's a good point.
Verizon 5G home Internet is exactly
what it sounds like.
It's wireless Internet for your home
that runs off
Verizon's extremely fast 5G
ultra wideband network.
And don’t ask me how,
but the gang hacked it
to make sure it worked
while I’m underground.
We're turning it on now.
Nice.
Okay, I'm connected.
And now you're going to watch us
hit 200 million.
And just by plugging
in this little box,
thanks to Verizon,
I now have reliable
5G home Internet.
And because of our hack.
It actually works. Even though I'm
ten feet underground.
I can see my real time
subscriber count.
Karl, did you know that if the people
watching this video are over 18,
while supplies last when they order
Verizon home internet
Verizon will give you an Xbox
series S on them.
They must hate money.
I mean honestly. Yeah.
And you can get it for as low
as $35 a month.
So if you want a fast
and reliable internet,
just go to mrbeastverizon.com
and put in your address
and it'll tell you
if it's available in your area.
And now let's focus on the 200
million subscriber goal.
We are so close.
Before this I was just some
random dude in Nebraska and...
Now he's just some random dude
to North Carolina.
I used to be
just a random guy in Nebraska.
Karl, this is a heartfelt moment.
Don't copy Nolan.
It's crazy that we used to like
talk about this
sitting at a lunch table and now
we're at 200 million subscribers.
That's insane.
I just want to say it's
been an honor working with everyone.
Let's crush some more goals.
And finally,
Chandler, close this off.
I first started working
here, it was like seven of us,
and I was the janitor,
and now we're at 200 million subs
and I'm very grateful.
I started making videos
when I was 11.
I'm 25 now
and I never in a million years
thought the channel
would get this big.
I mean, as we're about to hit
200 million subscribers,
I just want all of you to know
that I appreciate
every single one of you
to watch my videos.
I still remember the days
when I would make videos
and literally get zero views.
Thank you so much.
We're going to see all these numbers
move.
- Oh, my God!
- We did it.
- Let's go!
- Yeah!
We did it!
Oh, I think it's unfortunately
time that we unplug, you know
Wait, hold on.
I haven't even got a chance
to call my girlfriend yet.
Yeah, we got you.
We got you for sure.
All right bro, we're
going to be right here.
Okay?
You just finish that call.
Oh, come on, plug it back in.
I just want to say, like,
just 2 minutes.
So my girlfriend knows I'm alive.
- Let's go eat.
- All right.
I don't know.
I'm doing this thing where I'm crying
and I'm not 100% sure
why I'm crying.
Hitting
200 million with the boys was fun,
but now I'm just alone
and trapped in here again.
It's been five days.
Five days alone in this coffin.
I honestly have no idea
how I'm going to survive
two more days of this.
I'm going downhill quickly.
Yo, Jimmy, how you doing?
Oh, no response.
I don't know if he's alive.
Nolan I appreciate you
checking in on me and caring, but...
Are you actually hanging in there?
I know...
Jimmy went from being terrified
to an absolute yapster,
and now he's a sad boy.
I'm doing my best
to talk to you guys for content, but
to be honest,
I have, like, zero desire to speak.
I just want to get out of here.
Yeah, he's losing his mind.
I think we need to find a way
to cheer him up.
So I'm going to make
some phone calls.
I don't know
if I've told you guys this,
but I've already used up all my pee
bottles, and so basically,
whenever I have to pee,
I eat one of these meals,
and then I just pee in this bag
and zip it up.
I know
that might be too much information.
This challenge is disgusting
and I want to leave.
I was so down bad
that there was only one thing
in this world
that could possibly cheer me up
Jimmy, I brought somebody.
Who'd you bring?
My parents.
How's it going?
Well, have you talked about Nolan's
mom at all since you've been down there?
No, not whatsoever.
And the picture?
I don't know what you're talking about.
More importantly, do you guys
have something super embarrassing
you could tell us about Nolan?
Jimmy, there's so many.
That will instantly
make this challenge so much better.
He told us he was going to prom,
but he actually just
went to the neighbors next door
for a little bit.
We like to see him
bring a girl home for Christmas.
That's all.
I needed to cheer me up
because I know the comment section
is going to go crazy.
I hate Jimmy.
My mom has one more question.
Hit me.
All right, now you walk away.
That's how it works.
Did he throw the walkie again?
I know all of you like to sleep in
and you don't like getting up early.
I don't care.
In exactly 12 hours,
I need you all to start digging.
Okay?
That's kind of early, right?
What time is it?
As long as we wake up for
our alarms, we'll be good.
What would you do
if when I stand up,
I get blood clots
and just die on the spot?
I'd know where to put you.
See you in 12 hours.
It's a date.
I'm about to go to bed,
and hopefully when I open
these eyes in the morning, someone
is digging me out of this coffin.
So I don't know why I'm tearing up.
I don't think I've ever been
more excited for anything
in my entire life.
I can't wait to see the sunlight
tomorrow.
I'll see you guys in the morning
This is going to be awesome.
Laying down for my final night.
All I can think about
is whether or not
I'd be able to stand
when this is over.
It's not normal to be laying down
and not moving this long.
Boys.
It is officially been seven days.
Yeah,
I know you guys don't like doing
manual labor, but can you dig me up?
We're getting you out, Jimmy.
This is the worst
part of the challenge.
Because I'm just waiting
for my stupid friends to dig me up.
And of course, there's
the added tension
of whether or not
I'm going to die when I stand up.
So, yeah.
Bring in the excavator.
I bet you when I get out, the first thing
they're going to say is how bad I smell.
this Santa Claus looking guy
is going to bring you out now.
Karl,
I don't care what he looks like.
Just get me out of this coffin.
Dig, dig, dig, dig.
Any second now this dirt above me
will turn into sunlight.
I can't wait.
Oh, that's the excavator.
Oh, that's scary.
I can see sunlight.
Jimmy.
Hey.
- Jimmy!
How's it going?
It's hard to describe
what the sun looks like after
not seeing it for seven days
straight.
Oh, my gosh.
I started crying once again.
I'm not sure why.
I just couldn't help it.
We did it.
The only question that remains
now is when I stand up,
am I going to die of blood clots?
We'll find out in
just a minute.
Jimmy, you ready?
Don't drop it on me.
I bet it stinks in there.
You guys are predictable.
I said that's what you would say.
Well, let's not celebrate
until I stand up
and don't die of blood clots.
At least sit up for a second.
But wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
Wait for a medic to come down.
Do you feel nauseous at all?
dizzy?
Oh, I don't know.
That's good enough for me,
come on up, Jimmy.
This is my first time
standing in a week.
Oh, my God. My legs are weak.
- Oh, I didn't die.
- Yeah! Time to go.
All good!
I do feel like a rush of blood to
my head though.
It's is actually a crazy feeling,
but the real surprise
was waiting for me
just above ground.
Oh, wow there's so many people.
After seven days.
I was finally able to celebrate 200
million subscribers, the right way.
We have to celebrate 200 million, bro.
Now that you all saw my underwear,
I'm going to end the video.
And as always, let's end with an explosion.